docs: reorganise supported hardware page (#3363)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/hardware.mdx

      level: 3,
    })),
  {
    value: "Onboard Controller Keyboards",
    id: "onboard",
    level: 2,
  },
  {
    value: "Other Hardware",
    id: "other-hardware",
    level: 2,
  },
];

With the solid technical foundation of Zephyr™ RTOS, ZMK can support a wide diversity of hardware targets,
including but not limited to Nordic nRF52, Raspberry Pi RP2040/RP2350, most ST STM32 MCUs, and Microchip SAMD21.

> That being said, there are specific boards / shields that have been implemented and tested by the ZMK contributors, listed below.

Reviewer: I'd like to see a mention of ZMK variants of boards here.

ZMK doesn't support boards with AVR 8-bit processors, such as the ATmega32U4, because Zephyr™ only
supports 32-bit and 64-bit platforms. As a result, controllers like the SparkFun Pro Micro, Elite-C,

> and Arduino Uno Rev3 are **NOT** supported by ZMK.

Reviewer: I would move these to the bottom of the page under "other hardware". Nowadays 8 bit is much less common.

Author: I think this section being here would be better. The entire page from top to bottom is:

- Overview
  - Type of boards that are supported
  - Type of boards that are unsupported
  - Prerequisite knowledge (board & shield)
- The list of hardware
- Others

It provides an overview before going into details.

Reviewer: It feels a bit redundant to list both the boards that we _do_ support and some of the ones we don't. The two are mutually exclusive after all. I would still mention it, but move it to the bottom for the odd person who really wants to check if we support 8bit or not.

Author: I don't think it's redundant. Boards not listed could be "still supported but not as popular", or not supported. This "not supported" section was pulled from interconnect metadata, to help clarify while "Pro Micro" the interconnect is popular and supported, the original "Pro Micro" is not.
Without explicitly saying these kind of boards are not supported, the pro micro interconnect description is not unreasonable to interpret as an endorsement for "SparkFun Pro Micro". But considering SparkFun Pro Micro is not in stock anymore and indeed 8 bit is less common, I'll move it to the end.

> Check out the [Hardware Integration](development/hardware-integration/index.mdx) section for more info on how to use ZMK on custom keyboards.

Reviewer: Not a fan of the phrasing here, "how to use ZMK" sounds like a user guide not a guide for keyboard designers/DIYers.

Author: Rephrased to make it clear it's for custom designed keyboards.

      level: 3,
    })),
  {
    value: "Onboard Controller Keyboards",
    id: "onboard",
    level: 2,
  },
  {
    value: "Other Hardware",
    id: "other-hardware",
    level: 2,
  },
];

With the solid technical foundation of Zephyr™ RTOS, ZMK can support a wide variety of hardware targets,
including but not limited to Nordic nRF52, Raspberry Pi RP2040/RP2350, most ST STM32 MCUs, and Microchip SAMD21.
ZMK has the potential to run on any hardware supported by Zephyr™, such as those on
the [Zephyr™ supported boards](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/4.1.0/boards/index.html) page, though you may need to do some additional work to configure them for ZMK.
That being said, there are specific boards that have been tested and pre-configured by the ZMK contributors, denoted by the `zmk` board variants below.

> Making new keyboard designs? Check out the [Hardware Integration](hardware-integration/index.mdx) section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Designing a new keyboard? Check out the [Hardware Integration](hardware-integration/index.mdx) section
```
